docs(giterminsm): add description for secrets (#6495)
werf/werf: docs/pages_en/usage/project_configuration/giterminism.md

The `fromPath` directive can be activated using [werf-giterminism.yaml]({{"reference/werf_giterminism_yaml.html" | true_relative_url }}), but we strongly recommend that you carefully consider the possible implications of this.

> #### Using build secrets
> The use of secrets complicates the sharing and reproducibility of configuration in CI jobs and among developers.
> To manage secrets and ensure their consistent use, you can configure the [werf-giterminism.yaml]({{ "reference/werf_giterminism_yaml.html" | true_relative_url }}) file with the following:
> - `allowEnvVariables` — allows the use of specific environment variables.
> - `allowFiles` — grants access to secrets stored in specified files.
> - `allowValueIds` — enables the use of arbitrary secret values identified by IDs.
> We strongly recommend carefully considering the potential implications and avoiding the use of secrets unless absolutely necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using build secrets

The use of secrets complicates the sharing and reproducibility of configuration in CI jobs and among developers.

To manage secrets and ensure their consistent use, you can configure the [werf-giterminism.yaml]({{ "reference/werf_giterminism_yaml.html" | true_relative_url }}) file with the following:

- `allowEnvVariables` — allows the use of specific environment variables.
- `allowFiles` — grants access to secrets stored in specified files.
- `allowValueIds` — enables the use of arbitrary secret values identified by IDs.

We strongly recommend carefully considering the potential implications and avoiding the use of secrets unless absolutely necessary.
```

The `fromPath` directive can be activated using [werf-giterminism.yaml]({{"reference/werf_giterminism_yaml.html" | true_relative_url }}), but we strongly recommend that you carefully consider the possible implications of this.

> #### Using Build Secrets
> 
> Using secrets from environment variables and files complicates the sharing and reproducibility of configuration in CI jobs and among developers.
> 
> The `allowEnvVariables` function allows the use of certain environment variables as secrets.  
> To enable the use of secret values from files, you need to use the `allowFiles` function, specifying a relative or absolute path to the file containing the secret. 
> To enable the use of arbitrary secret values ​​of type `value`, you must specify their identifiers (`id`) in the `allowValueIds` function.
> 
> To activate `allowEnvVariables`, `allowFiles` and `allowValueIds`, you need to use [werf-giterminism.yaml]({{ "reference/werf_giterminism_yaml.html" | true_relative_url }}), but we strongly recommend that you carefully consider the possible implications of this.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using build secrets

The use of secrets complicates the sharing and reproducibility of configuration in CI jobs and among developers.

To manage secrets and ensure their consistent use, you can configure the [werf-giterminism.yaml]({{ “reference/werf_giterminism_yaml.html” | true_relative_url }}) file with the following:

- `allowEnvVariables` — allows the use of specific environment variables.
- `allowFiles` — grants access to secrets stored in specified files.
- `allowValueIds` — enables the use of arbitrary secret values identified by IDs.

We strongly recommend carefully considering the potential implications and avoiding the use of secrets unless absolutely necessary.
```
